Added parameters autoselection to docs (#40408)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/recipes/vector-search/vector-index-quickstart.md

GLOBAL USING vector_kmeans_tree
ON (embedding)
WITH (
  distance=cosine)
```

> This command creates an index of the `vector_kmeans_tree` type. For more information about indexes of this type, see [{#T}](../../dev/vector-indexes.md#kmeans-tree-type). In this model example, the parameter `distance=cosine` is specified to use cosine distance when searching by the index. This is a very important parameter, the distance should be the same as the model was trained to. Also we have parameters clusters, levels, overlap_clusters, they are autodetected but if you have a large database and wish to tune it you can find more detailed description of parameters here [{#T}](../../yql/reference/syntax/create_table/vector_index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates an index of the `vector_kmeans_tree` type. For more information about indexes of this type, see [{#T}](../../dev/vector-indexes.md#kmeans-tree-type). In this model example, only the `distance=cosine` parameter is specified — it sets the distance function used by the index. This is an important parameter: the distance function must match the one the embedding model was trained for. The parameters `clusters`, `levels`, and `overlap_clusters` are autodetected and not shown here; if you have a large dataset and want to tune the index, see the detailed parameter reference in [{#T}](../../yql/reference/syntax/create_table/vector_index.md).
```
